(progressive house music)
- The science behind X3
there's actually 16 studies.
Those are all in the book.
There's new studies on variable
resistance all the time.
And I think it's really important
that we point to studies
that we didn't do.
These were all third parties, people,
some of the researchers
I've met at conferences
and most of them I haven't.
So all of these 16 studies
came to the same conclusion.
Now, some of them use
different combinations
or different weight
apparatus, plus banding.
It doesn't really matter if
you're holding X weight here,
and 1.5X weight here that is better
than holding one static weight.
Now we have X here and just about 5X here.
So
that's a more aggressive level
of variable resistance.
And you'll read in some of those studies
that the
degree of variance
as it becomes higher,
the growth rate becomes higher.
And that's why that decision was made.
So there's 16 studies in the book.
There's about six on the website
cause we wanted to keep it very readable.
I also want to talk about
one study that found
that variable resistance doesn't work.
So it went against the 16 other studies.
And I want to explain that one.
So this had a weight training
group as the control,
and then it had a
variable resistance group
that was training with just bands.
So no bar, no nothing just bands.
And after we were puzzled by this study,
because how could a study
on variable resistance
go against the 16 other studies?
So it turns out they used a TheraBand
and that's a rehab type product.
And we found a specific model of TheraBand
in the method section of this study.
And it showed that the
highest possible resistance
they could have gotten to at
peak force was 14.1 pounds.
So this was a study that was written,
so the variable resistance failed.
But yeah, it was
very misleading,
but the rest of them have
very powerful results.
And as I mentioned,
the more aggressive level of the variance,
the more aggressive level of growth,
and that is why X3 is the
highest degree
of variance that anyone's
ever really used.
And there's hardly any
variable resistance products
even out there.
And the ones that are out there
will have something like X here,
and 1.2X here,
and, you know,
kind of meaningless.